user guide getting started improvements (#7029)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/user-guide/feature-guides/getting-started/creating-devices.md

To create a new Location Type:

1. Click on **Organization** in the left sidebar menu
2. Find **Location Types**
3. Select **+** to go to the `Add a new location type` form

> 4. Select a `Parent` Location Types if needed
> 5. Populate the Location Types's `Name`
> 6. Select the desired `Content Types` for this Location Types (in this case `dcim.device`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select a `Parent` Location Type if needed
5. Populate the Location Type's `Name`
6. Select the desired `Content Types` for this Location Type (in this case `dcim.device`).
```

1. Click on **Organization** in the left sidebar menu
2. Find **Locations**
3. Select **+** to go to the `Add a new location` form

> 4. Select a `Location Types`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select a `Location Type`
```
